Expose flag for critical extensions (#4568)
ARMmbed/mbedtls: docs/3.0-migration-guide.d/csr-add-critical-extension.md

Change the API to allow adding critical extensions to CSRs
------------------------------------------------------------------

> This does affect users who use the `mbedtls_x509write_csr_set_extension`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This affects applications that call the `mbedtls_x509write_csr_set_extension`
```
